docs(insights): remove ai overview page docs (#12552)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/insights/ai/index.mdx

<Include name="feature-limited-on-team-retention.mdx" />

> Sentry's AI Performance page allows you to dive into LLM Monitoring and get insights into critical LLM metrics, like token usage, to monitor and fix issues with AI pipelines. In addition to having a dedicated space to monitor AI performance, you can also look at Sentry's Insights tab to monitor backend, mobile, and frontend performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry's AI Performance allows you to see critical metrics for your LLM pipelines, like token usage and duration. In addition to having a dedicated space to monitor AI performance, you can also look view Sentry's Frontend, Backend, and Mobile Insights to understand the performance of the applications running your pipelines.
```
